1. Write a script that would display the time when run
2. Write a script that will return the number of parameters on the command line.
3. Given a file of numbers (one per line), write a script that will find the lowest and highest number
4. Write a script that will accept any number of parameters. The program should display whether an odd or an even number of parameters was given.

5. Write a script asking the user to input some numbers. The script should stop asking for numbers when the number 0 is entered. The output should look like:
b)		user: logon_name
c)		Lowest number entered:
e)		Highest number entered:


6.	Write a script that will take an undetermined list of parameters, and reverse them.

7.	Write a Shell script that runs in the background and informs you when a person logs onto the system. The user-id of the person is to be passed as a command line argument. 

8.	Write a script that will take a person's name as a parameter to the program name. The script should greet that person, as   
	Good Day name_entered, How are you today?

9.	Write a series of scripts that will count the number of parameters on the command line, first using the for statement, then the while and finally the until statement. (Three scripts).

10.	Write a script that will echo the third parameter, but only if it is present.

11.	. Write a script that would recognize if a word entered from the keyboard started with an upper or lower case character or a digit. Use the "case" statement.
The script would then output the word, followed by "upper case", "lower case", "digit", or "not upper, lower, or digit".

12.	Write a script that reads a "password" from a user (it will not show when typed, but will get displayed after the carriage return is entered).

13.	Write a Shell script to reverse a string. The string is to be passed as a command line argument.

14.	Write a Shell script that cleans up a directory by removing all duplicate files in a directory. Duplicates are those that have identical contents. ( Note: To avoid a lot of grief, do not use rm in initial untested versions of your program )

15.	Write a script which reads a number from the argument line and prints all numbers from 1 to that number.

16. Write a script which prints a menu as follows:
	a. Display file
	b. Rename file
	c. Remove file
	d. Quit
	Enter your choice:

